The Little Mermaid (Danish. Den Lille Havfrue) - statue depicting a character from a fairy tale The Little Mermaid by Hans Christian Andersen (which is half-woman, half-fish) and located in the harbor of Copenhagen. The monument stands 1.25 meters tall and weighs about 175 kg. The sculpture was commissioned and funded in 1909 by the son of the founder of Carlsberg Brewery - Carl Jacobsen, who was fascinated by the story of the ballet The Little Mermaid. Monument made a Danish sculptor Edvard Eriksen and 23 August 1913 was unveiled. The model for the statue was Danish Ballet dancer Ellen Price.
The Copenhagen Opera House (in Danish usually called Operaen) is the national opera house of Denmark, and among the most modern opera houses in the world. It is also one of the most expensive opera houses ever built with construction costs well over US$500 million. It is located on the island of Holmen in central Copenhagen. The house is administered by the Royal Danish Theatre and is one of the best-equipped in the world. It has a main stage with five other stages directly connected, where large setups can be moved easily in and out. The theatre can seat between 1492 and 1703, depending on the size of the orchestra. The 1492 seats are all individually angled in order to provide the best experience.
The Old Stock Exchange dates back to 1625 and is one of the oldest buildings in Copenhagen. King Christian IV had realized the importance of increased trade and commerce, and so he had this grand building erected. At the time of its inauguration, the building had room for at least 40 market stalls. The Old Stock Exchange was then surrounded by water from three sides, so ships could unload their cargo directly at the wharf in front. The four intertwined dragon tails of the dragon spire are topped by three crowns, symbolizing the Scandinavian empire (Denmark, Norway, and Sweden). Today the Old Stock Exchange are used for galla dinners, conferences, parties and other events. Not open to the public.
Trekroner Søfort (literally Three Crowns Sea Fortress) is a naval fort at the entrance to the Copenhagen harbour. From 1713 until after World War I, Trekroner Fort was part of the fortifications of Copenhagen. The original location of Trekroner Fort was a few hundred meters north of the current one. In 1713, three old line ships were sunk to form the basis for a battery. One of the ships was called Trekroner, and she gave her name to the fort. It was opened to the public in 1984. Trekroner Fort is one of three artificial islands that were created to defend the entrance to Copenhagen's harbor. (The other two are Middelgrundsfortet and Flakfortet.)
The Black Diamond was designed by the architect company Schmidt Hammer Lassen, and was inaguarated in 1999 by Slotsholmen in Copenhagen. The Diamond is an expansion of the Royal Library, and is shaped like a sculptural monolith, which houses the librarys national culutural herritge. The Diamond contains among others 4 reading rooms, meeting and conference facilities, exhibition facilities as wel as a cafe and restarant. All the facilities are distributed over 8 stories with a view of the waterfront.
Christiansborg is placed in central Copenhagen, on Slotsholmen and houses the dnaish parliament, the supreme court, the prime ministry as well as parts of the royal house. The grounds have had a castle since the 1100, 3 which have been destroyed due to fires and other disasters. The current itteration of the castle is from the begining of the 20th century.
Kastellet was founded in 1624 by Christian IV and was originally a fortification of Sank Annæ Skanse, which was meant as a refuge for the king. Due to lack of funding, an actual castle was never build. Kastellet was the military and state prison in Copenhagen. Military punishment and executions also took place. Today Kastellet is considered a national heritage site, due to its cultural and military historical importance.
Our saviours church is located in Christianshavn in Copenhagen, it was completed in the 17th century by Lambert van Haven and Laurids de Turah. The spire was added in the middle of the 28th century. The church is known mainly for its spiraling tower, but also contains an impressively carved church organ from 1698. The churchs altar is carved by Nicodemus Tessins and is considered a masterpiece. The different parts of the church as well as the interior have been giftet by royalty.
Strömma Danmark A/S is part of Strömma Turism & Sjöfart AB – one of the largest adventure companies with operations in Stockholm, Gothenburg, Malmö, Oslo, Bergen, Stavanger, Helsinki and Copenhagen. Our mission is to create experiences. Experiences that entertains, educates and will result in lifelong memories. Strömma has its roots in a Finnish company, Ångfartygs AB Bore, which was founded in 1897 by among others Fredric von Rettig. And to this day, Strömma is owned by the Hans von Rettig family. It all started with Bore Lines; a company that acquired a large number of companies over the years, all focusing on tourism and shipping. Among the acquisitions you will find companies such as Stockholm Sightseeing, Strömma Skärgårdsbåtar, Strömma Kanalbolaget and Paddan. In 2011 Strömma expanded into Denmark today both Canal Tours, Copenhagen City Sightseeing, Copenhagen Panorama Excursions and Open Top Tours is a part of the Strömma group.